## 2022-11-29 Tue

### Check follow up
+ Operate server release schedule?

### Edit project before final release  
+ Delete some condition of query in repository.
+ Change one letter of Front-end view.

### Additional function - Modal which show the result of sent (In Progress)
+ Needs : Check success or failed of sent. 
+ Method : 
  1. Need to check result of SMS service log so, add a column in our log table to check SMS service log with same identification.
  2. In SMS service there is a column for check result description. So, we just make a table which descriptions init for get detail result when show user to SMS result through Modal.
  3. Modal pops when user clicks receiver's mobile number in sent list.
  4. Modal has the information of success or failed and when failed need to show the detail description which we already set in no.2 by database table.
  5. If, there is alternative sent occurred, need to show the contents and alternative sent success or failed.

### Additional function - Add reservation status of 'delete' (In Progress)
+ Needs : Add reservation status of 'delete'
+ Details : Just make another status to choose and there is no changed in other functions.
+ Method :
  1. Add status 'delete' in enums of status. -> need to discussion.
  2. Make table to set delete reservations for just managing.
  3. Erase deleted reservation in the origin table and add to delete reservation information table which made in no.2

### Additional function - change the manager with all of his managed work (In Progress)
+ Needs : change the manager with all of his managed work
+ Details : If someone retires the company, need to assigned his work to others.
+ Method :
  1. Make table to record the history of changed assignments.
  2. Need to make a view page -> ask to make in related Dept.

### ETC
+ 