## 2022-12-02 Fri

### Check follow up
+

### Additional function - Modal which show the result of sent (In Progress)
+ Needs : Check success or failed of sent. 
+ Conditions : 
  1. Need to check result of SMS service log so, add a column in our log table to check SMS service log with same identification.
  2. In SMS service there is a column for check result description. So, we just make a table which descriptions init for get detail result when show user to SMS result through Modal.
  3. Modal pops when user clicks receiver's mobile number in sent list.
  4. Modal has the information of success or failed and when failed need to show the detail description which we already set in no.2 by database table.
  5. If, there is alternative sent occurred, need to show the contents and alternative sent success or failed.
+ Method :
  > java.lang.ClassCastException: class [Ljava.lang.Object; cannot be cast to class java.lang.String ([Ljava.lang.Object; and java.lang.String are in module java.base of loader 'bootstrap')
  + exception occurred when get ```entityManager.createNativeQuery``` query result. In this method, the result value type is Object so, need to cast to String.
  + solved by loop and String array.

### Biz_client config settings
+ Needs : attached file missing everyday.
+ Method : 
  1. Change the config ```FILE_DELETE_OPTION``` to ```N``` -> not working..

### Additional function - Storage deleted reservation history
+ Needs : delete reservation data and storage deleted history for recording
+ Method :
  1. Entity of Reservation and Deleted reservation have almost same columns. Then how to move entity easily?
  2. Just using ```Insert into``` query, there is no function JPA works.
+ References : 
  + https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27016778/how-to-move-items-between-collections-in-hibernate
  + 

### ETC
+ 