## 2022-10-04 Tue

### Check follow up
+ Checking Statistics - 03 Change with Planning Dept.

### Statistics - 03
+ Needs : Need to identify the definition of 3rd Statistics.
+ Details : Discussion with customer company and planning dept now.

### Additional function of managing vehicles
+ Needs: Prohibit register more than 5 cars
+ Details: Block two ways to prevent registering vehicles pages.
+ Method:
  1. Main page blocking
  2. Mypage blocking (Identify login account registered cars.)
  3. Url blocking..

### Print standard A4 size
+ Needs: print info. papers
+ Details: has been print out just 1 pages. but the needs of print information papers by just one clicking action.
+ Method:
  ```html
  <style>
    @page a4sheet { size: 21.0cm 29.7cm }
    .a4 { page: a4sheet; page-break-after: always }
  </style>
  ```
  1. It was just print for one vehicle information so, the values which sending from controller layer should be changed for several car IDs get from url parameter.
  2. Change HTML files to possible to operate by changed values.
  3. Add style options for printing well based on A4 size.

### Statistics - Main_01
+ Needs: get total result by first select option.
+ Details: Change option named 'select' to 'total' and get all centers figures.
+ Method:
  1. Change the option name
  2. Separate center code to null and ''(blank value)
     + both values direct center value to 'all' the centers.
  3. If, it selected all centers result, 

### ETC
+ Find version SVN brunch setting
+ Ask for present progress to next work assigned to me.
